README.md, before:

# Project Name

**Author**: Kaeden
**Version**: 1.0.0

<!-- (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission) -->

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an example:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource. -->

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

- WRRC worked on with Ike and Kyle: [Miro WRRC](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMSasG74=/)

## Time Estimates

Name of feature: Set up your server repository

Estimate of time needed to complete:

Start time: 1:10pm

Finish time: 1:36pm

Actual time needed to complete:



Name of feature: As a user of City Explorer, I want to see weather info for the city I searched, so that I know how to pack for an upcoming trip.

Estimate of time needed to complete:

Start time: 1:45pm

Finish time: 9:05pm (not complete)

Actual time needed to complete:

Commit message:

update README for feature time estimate

README.md, after:

# Project Name

**Author**: Kaeden
**Version**: 1.0.0

<!-- (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission) -->

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an example:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource. -->

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

- WRRC worked on with Ike and Kyle: [Miro WRRC](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMSasG74=/)

## Time Estimates

Name of feature: Set up your server repository

Estimate of time needed to complete:

Start time: 1:10pm

Finish time: 1:36pm

Actual time needed to complete:

Name of feature: As a user of City Explorer, I want to see weather info for the city I searched, so that I know how to pack for an upcoming trip.

Estimate of time needed to complete:

Start time: 1:45pm

Finish time: 9:05pm

Actual time needed to complete:

Name of feature: Weather info for the city I searched, so that I know how to pack for an upcoming trip.

Estimate of time needed to complete:

Start time: 2:48pm

Finish time: 4:55pm

Actual time needed to complete:
